Support Koncorde syntax for document:count (#2392)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/api/controllers/document/count/index.md

### Optional:

- `query`: the search query itself, using the [ElasticSearch Query DSL](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.4/query-dsl.html) or the [Koncorde Filters DSL](/core/2/api/koncorde-filters-syntax) syntax.

> - `lang`: specify the query language to use. By default, it's `elasticsearch` but `koncorde` can also be used. <SinceBadge version="2.8.0"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lang`: specify the query language to use. By default, it's `elasticsearch` but `koncorde` can also be used. <SinceBadge version="auto-version"/>
```

Reviewer: You should use `auto-version` this way the version is replaced  with the proper value when released.
